Codepen: https://codepen.io/jacobjaswift/pen/abdaqdR?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML is the use of specific terms to name HTML elements.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used to write code the Browser can interpret and transform into a webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute is a pre determined syntax to control and elements behaviour.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	An H1 tag stands for header1 and it's used to make a piece of text stand out as well as for SEO. You should limit H1 usage to only important headers on the page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	h1,h2

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	You put the title of the page as well as any links you will be using.

    7. What is an id?
	An id is a specific selector

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	An html element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	1

    10. What is a class? 
	The HTML class attribute is used to specify a class for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	As many as you'd like

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	Multiple

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	With the target attribute

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	It shows up in case the image fails to load
 
    15. How do I reference an id?
	Like so "#id"

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A section means that all content is grouped, while a div doesn't specify anything

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Css is used to style the webpage

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	"h2 { }"

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class would be used to create multiple selectors. Example class id = "special headers" for a group of special headers you would like to create.
	An id is to single out one element in particular and select it. Example id = "thisOneSpecialHeader"

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	Like so ".Class"

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	".human p"

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	the parent child selector is selector a child of the parent element.
	It's useful when you have a class and you want to select a specific element within that class.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	"sidebar link"

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A selector that specifies a special state of the element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	Line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	Letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	Uppercase, lowercase and Capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border-style: dotted; border-color:black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	//

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	PWD

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	LS

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	RM file, because this can unreversably ruin your day

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	It is the most productive way to work on a group project.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	As often as you make a change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	Git push orgin

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

        Create a forked copy of the project.
 	Add your Team Lead as collaborator on Github.
	Clone your OWN version of the repository (Not Lambda's by mistake!).
 	Create a new branch: git checkout -b <firstName-lastName>.
 	Implement the project on your newly created <firstName-lastName> branch, committing changes regularly.
 	Push commits: git push -u origin <firstName-lastName>.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	Inline can display multiple elements on same line, block reserves it's own line.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	It does not move at all, even when scrolled

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	width: 100%

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	<div>, <address>, <p>
	<span>, <button>
	<nav>
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
	The box model is the default mode in describing HTML elements. It consists of a content area, padding, border and margin. 
	*, *:before, *:after {
  -moz-box-sizing: border-box; -webkit-box-sizing: border-box; box-sizing: border-box;
} 